boring plot not funny everything went wrong
terrible movie
way too much whoopi !
whoopie - painful as always .
sad , i actually do like adam sandler . he is a decent comedian , but he can't act . and what is it with his films ? they just don't seem to have any signs of a cohesive plot to them .
adam sandler shows once again he can't act in this travesty that has him using profanity around little children and knocking mcdonalds . most humor is quite sick and this movie is horrid . don't even take a bribe to see it !
frankly , the moon is where i'd like both kaufman and carrey to go . and stay .
it wasn't that funny or interesting .
proving jim carrey and drama do not mix .
jim carrey can't act . jim carrey is not funny . as soon as the public at large realizes that the better off we'll all be .
the image of andy kaufman as a nice , funny guy is shattered by reality . he is a mean , twisted , manipulative individual . the movie is marketed like it is a comedy and this is far from the truth . the reality of andy kaufman's life was not all fun and games and this movie is his life story , but it is sold ( like kaufman ) to the public as something it is not .
this was one of the only movies i have ever walked out of . it is the worst thing i have seen in a long , long time . the theatre we saw it in accidentally played one of the reels upside down and backwards . that was the only time we laughed . we were lucky though , because we saw it at the cheap theatre and it only cost us $ 1 . 50 each . of course , we still felt ripped off .
i thought the stale nachos from the theater concession were the best part of this movie . it was a long drawn out film that never took the time to really develop any of the characters -- not even andy . and courtney love the actor -- someone please get me another stale snack !
this is the most unfunny , makes no sense movie i have ever seen .
kirsten dunst sucks .
worst movie in the world . . . cheerleaders suck ! !
stupid
kirsten dunst , your 15 minutes are just about up . . .
why is it that movies set at high school nowadays have to be sick . besides the attractive female cheerleaders and a few eccentric cameos , the movie stinks . they combine very sick gags , profanity , disrespectful attitudes , fights and obscene gestures . easily one of the worst movies i've ever seen .
pathetic . goes to show how shallow the world is nowadays .
no way ! i fell asleep about 5 minutes into it .
i gave this movie a one because it was horrible . it was just about cheerleading , and i'm a guy . i need action .
they should have called it stupid if not for alica silverstone it would have been a complete waste of time .
'clueless' . . . how appropriate . . . seems the producers knew it from the beginning . . . any you airheads rating this movie great : of 10 million sperm , you were the faster ? ? ? ?
this was just another dumb blow it up movie . willis is a better actor than this and would have to wait many years to show it .
i think a brilliant performance by hopkins is utterly wasted in this scurrilous piece of trash .
just because there are babes in it doesn't make it good . this was a true piece of sh * t from beginning to end . . .
my husband and best friend dragged me out to this movie , thinking that this was all about t & a , but it was something worse--it was a thinly-veiled chick flick ! ( though , it was kinda amusing to see their reactions after the movie , it made it almost worth sitting through it ) . it's one of those little girl in a big town trying to make it on her own kind of movies , and if you like that kind of thing , then go for it . i'll pass , though .
sucked !
dont waste your money on it and if you are at someones home who owns it and suggests to watch it , dont even waste your time ! !
just because a movie has hotties doesn't automatically make it good--case in point .
ugly is right . don't get me wrong , the women are attractive , but it's just a dull movie that doesn't know comedy . take a tip from frasier , the emperor's new groove , or kung pow and then we'll talk .
wait a minute . . . . this is supposed to be a comedy ? i didn't laugh a single time throughout this movie . in fact , i don't think any of the others i was with did either . the actual film it took to make this movie would have been better spent taping me scratch myself . who produces this kind of trash ?
this movie was horrible . nothing new in this movie , same old girl in the big city . only thing worth praise were the advertisements .
i don't think i've ever been as nauseated in my entire life as i was during the scene when what's-her-name was jamming on the roof to the beat of the neighbor's music . this movie was long and painful , mostly because of the insipid main character . i like to think that most girls don't identify with this kind of thing .
pointless feminine crap .
coyote ugly has no plot . the storyline is as skimpy as the costumes the women at the bar wear . it's a poor attempt at a remake of flashdance and its major audience seems to be lonely lonely teenage boys with no access to porn .
this movie was portrayed on the commercials as a movie guys want to see , with lots of hot chicks and even more drinking . it turned out to be a chick flick about a songwriter's dream of making it big and not about a bar . don't see this movie .
i'm here to set things straight on rateitall . com once and for all . this is to be my first opinion . here i go : bringing down the house , does not necessarily tell a story which is outdated , but rather one which should embarass humanity into making its reddest face and its most solemn look of all . let's look at the issues tackled in this film , set in 2003 : 1 ) slavery , 2 ) black ( and white ) stereotypes , and 3 ) cultural appropriation . slavery officially ended over 100 years ago , ( to those born more recently , right after gettysburg and gods and generals took place ) , but as we can obviously see in our day to day experience , racism is still rampant , be it in the white dominated media , the movies , or in general conversation and confrontation . what is baffling to me is why this film should combine an early 1800s attitude towards blacks with our current sensibilities in such an artless and tasteless manner . steve martin's character and his family can't be seen in public with latifah ? she has to pose as their nanny to be accepted socially ? . . . i can't even finish . the fact that this movie was a success theatrically just shows how ignorant we are as a culture . what a sloppy and hopeless pile of poo this movie was . ( note : despite these issues i have brought up briefly , i have to say that this film began with the most boring internet scene of all time . any filmmaker who thinks that filming a computer being used for instant messaging is a good way to engage viewers is stoned . )
to call the characterzations in this movie stereotypes would be an insult to stereotypes . thirty years ago this movie would have been out of date . martin and latifah should be ashamed of themselves to get involved with such a stupid depiction of blacks and whites . the really offensive thing about this movie is that its supposed to be some sort of social commentary .
the parts that weren't downright stupid were downright nauseating . a waste of jim carrey's talent .
i'd have root canal work done without anesthetic before i'd see this again .
terrible movie , i hated it and can't believe they made a second one . jim carrey is loud , obnoxious and not funny , more on the side of exaggerated and gross . i don't like movies that insult my intelligence .
this movie is surprising bad . jack nickelson is a good actor , but even his acting could not save this piece of junk . kathy bates , a fine actress , is the only other bright spot in this otherwise dull and unwitty clunker . i did like the monolouge narration of nickelson for his adopted son , but over-all , i was very disappointed with this movie .
about schmidt easily qualifies for my list of the ten worst movies i've ever seen . its incredibly slow pace , depressing tone , and pathetic attempt to convey something deep made it extremely unpleasant and annoying to watch . the plot goes nowhere , and i couldn't find anything compelling about the characters . i'm surprised to note that this is the first time i haven't been impressed by jack nicholson and kathy bates . there's simply not a single reason to watch this movie .
what's the point here ? the story went nowhere , he ended up where he started , he failed in his quest and he can look forward to a lonely life with idiot in-laws . plus , the movie was just plain boring ( seeing kathy bates naked didn't help , either ) . real inspiring . . . . .
i rarely hate movies , but this one was awful ! the plot was stupid and the ending was really bad . adam sandler is very funny when he plays crazy people , but in this movie he played the straight man to jack nicholson . adam sandler just can't play normal !
i hate it . you think it's funny , while it's not . it's not good funny , it is sick funny , and it kinda freaks me out and i hate the stupid movie . it can die .
working girl has got to be the worst harrison ford movie ever made . the movie is like listening to girl talk for 2 straight hours . it's like the designing women movie . the plot is simple : sigourney weaver is a mean and greedy boss of a man and a woman , and the woman is griffith in her mindless role .
never even consider renting this movie - it's terrible . harrison ford made a rare mistake and agreed to work with a terrible script and one of the most annoying actresses ever ( melanie griffith ) . actually , now that i think about it , he made the same mistake with 6 days , 7 nights . anyway , this movie is a joke and isn't even worth tearing apart .
worst movie ever . are you kidding me ?
not funny
finally a movie that shows mel gibson's arrogance in complete clarity . his ego maniac persona shined thruout this whole movie without ever taking a break . he has no talent , is very unattractive , and couldn't act his way out of a paper bag . if you can actually look around mel's inflated head at the movie itself , it will just make you fall asleep , as it lacks all forms of entertainment needed in any type of movie . . . a movie that should be missed and i would never recommend it . . . don't waste your money . . .
i can t tell you what most women want because to be frank i don t give a flying fig . but speaking as a woman , i could have done without this farce . considering his past success in the lethal weapon films , i will say that i feel mel gibson has more than proven he can be halfway decent at madcap , insane comedy . however , he needs to realize that his ability to act nuts-o extremely well does not a leading man in light romantic comedy make . this movie made it glaringly apparent that he was never meant to follow in the footsteps of fred astaire , cary grant , or gene kelly . he is , for the most part , an action figure with acting ability who has managed to make some admirable hits within a sea of okay films . if what he has done best so far in his career can be compared to bygone film styles i would say that his forte has been the sweeping epic ( braveheart , the patriot ) . what women want was almost painful to watch as he clumped his way through this silly , clumsily written game of gender self awareness . helen hunt on the other hand after years in fluffy tv sitcom and an acting range that apparently exceeds gibson s by about 50 % seemed more up to the job . but even she couldn t save this pathetic ship full of holes ( a few of her lines were actually embarrassingly stupid ) . not even semi-funny cameos by the likes of bette midler were of much help to this albatross . after forcing myself to stay awake i flipped off the recorder once again thankful i had rented the dvd rather than having paid theater admission and even more glad that i d gotten a special discount rate for signing up with a new video store . don t waste your time unless you re a major gibson fan it may be the only way you won t notice the smell .
this movie was not funny it actually sucked .
trash . this type of stuff is what rots away the moral fiber of our youth . trust me . it makes the partying stupid guy who doesn't take college seriously look like a king and the kid who actually listens to his parents look like a huge geek . i didn't like it at all .
tom green is a cancer . . .
i detest tom green ( the most unfunny man in north america ) . the black fraternity scenes were too heavily borrowed .
road trip is an extremly unfunny and stupid comedy starring tom green who is a college teacher and tell his students about his days in college and what happened .
road trip is pure trash . it is so sad that people feel they must constantly resort to this kind of toilet humor in order to get a laugh . a bunch of sorry actors who want to be comedians .
this movie was horrible ! it was not on the same level as there's something about mary . the movie did have some funny moments and would have been much better without tom green . he was stupid and brought down the movie . the black fraternity scene was pretty amusing .
i'd rather watch 90 minutes of previews .
wow . people actually liked this movie ? amazing !
thi is the worst movie i have ever seen ! ? they should burn that movie to pieces ! i think that was a crappy movie !
pointless child-like craziness . i could never even begin to imagine that this would ever happen off the silver screen .
a stupid story . . . . . no laughs for me .
i'm probably being harsher on this movie than i should because it's hard to reconcile its amazing popularity with the fact that it stinks , especially if you get sick of physical , cartoon-like comedy after the first person slips on something and falls down the stairs . and it's not chevy chase making the fall .
home alone . . . are you kidding ? mcauley , how's your wife ?
you've got a baby ? in a bar ? ? ? you've got reese witherspoon ? in a movie ? ? ?
don't even bother watching this piece of crap . watch the trailer instead it reveals the entire plot . you'll save a couple hours of your life .
considering great performances by witherspoon and bergan , the film is possibly one of the worst romantic comedies of all time . mcconahay ( i can't spell his name . . lol ) is the perfect contender for the next white trash , smelly role on the big screen . i hated this film , and i hope you will too . ta-ta !
this movie sucked . keanu , stick to the matrix , make a matrix ii please !
i agree 100 % ! ! ! gene hackman couldn't even help this movie .
keanu sucks but so does the movie . you'd think gene hackman would make the movie , but he doesn't . they have cut so many scenes out of the movie that the story doesn't flow naturally . very poor movie .
pitiful .
so stupid and juvenile this film is ! i can't believe that this was based on shakespeare ! this movie was too cheesy for me to withstand ! ( and i usually like bad b-grade movies too ! )
martha , you have to keep old fido in the house . he dragged in another stinky polecat again !
one of the five worst movies ever produced for a large audience . and there is nothing worse than having to watch it with a pack of females who think it is romantic and charming . it isn't . it is contrived to the nth degree and desperately trying to be quirky and loveable . good for people trying to diet because this film will make it difficult for the viewer to keep his food down . on a par with superman iii .
long and boring . i can't even remember the storyline now . it was that boring
it's sad really . . . people watch that ? it had no real amusing points . . . but my sides to hurt from laughing at the crappy acting . . . hue grant needs a better job
it's not the worst movie i've ever seen , cause that was the norwegian film dis , but i'm quite sure it's the worst 1999-film probably the worst comedy in the 90ies ! if there was an oscar for worst actress , julia roberts would certainly get it ! in 1990ies we aren't satisfied with voiceless boring movies with no action ! : - (
what a bore fest this was it was not funny , it wasn't any thing . it just went on and on and was totally pointless . avoid at all costs .
my significant other insisted this was a movie for me -- the reviews he had read were spectacular . he was wrong and so were those reviewers . i cannot recall much about this long drawn out tale other than i should have gotten the largest popcorn they sold -- the meal would have made the experience a bit shy of a big waste of time .
the acting was ok . the accents were very annoying . the swearing was unnecesary . and the woodchipper part was just plain old nasty . save yourself the time and money and don't watch this film
adam sandler sucks !
yet another stupid adam sandler movie with lowbrow humor , profanity and no laughs whatsoever . adam sandler , you are under arrest for making a bad movie . henry winkler , you can go , we understand .
the only funny scenes were in the trailer .
this is the worst movie i've ever seen .
sometimes even the funniest actor can mess up with a movie , and the waterboy proves this . adam sandler plays a waterboy . bored yet ? his mother cuts fish . yet ? his girlfriend dumped him and came back . yet ? his coach is henry winkler . yet ?
one of the worst flicks ever made ! ! i suppose on some low , low , low level this might have been amusing to a few , but to me it blew . hard ! watching a movie where half of the time nothing happens and the other half of the time . . . nothing happens ! ! the plot was nowhere to be found , the acting so poor that you could throw up ( except for steve buscemi and peter stormare ) and an unseemingly desire to believe that all scandinavians start and end their sentences with ja , ja , ja or nej , nej , nej . let me tell you , i live in sweden and watching someone mispronounce our language for over an hour is not my idea of a good time .
adam sandler really goes over the top , sending a message to the audience of careless child care . it runs really slow at times .
this is one of the most embarassingly dumb movies i'd seen in a long time . and i even like adam sandler !
how could a guy who was so funny in happy gilmore be so incredibly lame in waterboy ? i can't believe i spent $ 7 to see this crap . truly awful .
total let down ! it stunk .
dry and boring .
worst movie to be produced in a long , long time . just plain stupid .
dull , predictable , and insufferably stupid .
of all the comments made about violence in the movies today nurse betty has one of the most violent ( and unnessacary ) scenes i have ever witnessed . it was so bad that it totally ruined the rest of the movie . this is no comedy ! ! ! that aside nurse betty quicky put me to sleep for the rest of the movie . to bad , this should have been a great movie . it has a lot of fine actors ( i love morgan freeman ) and what should have been a very good story . however , one scene , one little moment , ruines the experience .
i've walked out of only two movies in my life , and one was nurse betty ( the other was endless love , to give you some perspective ) . i went in expecting a light , entertaining comedy , and what i saw instead was graphic violence and really terrible acting . the movie is about a waitress who witnesses a serious crime , has a break with reality , and then believes she's an actress in her favorite soap opera . with a plot like that , i felt sure i was in for lots of laughs . what a shock it was to see the serious crime depicted in a very realistic , horrifying way and more violence ( including lots of blood and gore ) in subsequent scenes . morgan freeman and chris rock , playing the killers after nurse betty , should be ashamed of themselves . their roles were definitely beneath them , and one of the worst parts was that no one in the theater laughed at any of their jokes . it was pathetic ! i still feel disturbed by the violence i saw in the first hour of the movie . you have been warned !
my friends said this was the funniest movie ever . i watched it and had no clue what they were talking about . it had an extremley dissapointing ending , such bad humor , and some bad acting by good actors .
