positive	perhaps the perfect action thriller movie . funny , suspenseful , dramatic , action packed . has it all .
positive	a well constructed thriller .
positive	my favorite action movie yet !
positive	i love this movie ! i bought it on dvd when it came out . it's better than the original , and jamie lee and lindsey were great .
positive	funny funny funny
positive	really funny
positive	the first time i saw this was in a huge . packed cinema with surround sound etc . . i left feeling exhausted , as if i had actually been involved in the scenario . excellent , and you can watch it over and over again .
positive	funny movie all around . it's kinda weird to see professor mcgonagall from the harry potter flicks as a nun ! great musical interpetation of my guy by the nun's choir . rather than making fun of religion , i think it shows that religion can be a fun thing , and there is nothing wrong with that ! !
positive	on e of the best movies that whoopi made !
positive	hysterical . the idea of whoopi goldberg as a nun is funny enough . with the soundtrack and the dialogue in this movie , it's flat hysterical . excellent movie .
positive	this is the venue whoopi needs to stick too . acting .
positive	the greatest action movie ever made .
positive	this is an excellent movie , it still makes me laugh to this day . i highly recommend this movie for the whole family . most of whoopi's earlier work was so awesome . i highly recommend sister act 2 as well . i wish they would come out with part 3 , too !
positive	i nearly peed my pants ! it is so funny . whoope goldberg is a gem .
positive	whoopi goldberg can be funny at times , but she's so often in films that don't fit with her style . sister act was the perfect film for her , a vegas lounge singer hiding from the mob in a convent . predictably , she turns the lives of the nuns upside down , and they , in effect , have a big influence on her . the personalities of the show's stars--whoopi , harvey keitel , mary wickes , kathy najimy , and maggie smith--are so winning , you overlook some of the obvious cliches .
positive	i loved this movie . i've watched it again and again and laugh every time . the sequel ruined the series . goldberg plays the role of sister mary clarence superbly .
positive	this movie is another comedy classic . whoopi goldberg becomes a nun in this funny movie . the movie doesn't plod too much and the humor is present , especially in the church scenes . highly recommended ! a nod to the flying nun would have made it even better !
positive	very well done from every angle . a tough action film to beat .
positive	i really like this movie . you're right on , more songs less arguing . the songs are brilliant and the movie is really funny . andrea robinson , the singing voice for wendy makkena's character sounds like an angel on hail holy queen . i love this movie !
positive	sister act left you wanting more . the movie needs more songs , less arguing .
positive	whoopi goldberg was really good . very good singing . whoopi working with bad kids , helping them change their ways .
positive	adorable and hilarious .
positive	hilarous and funny kick ace movie love it !
positive	great film , alan rickman is one of my favorite things about this film .
positive	one of adam's best . those kids playing frankenstein were great . do you want to put on a hooters shirt for old times sake ? whats he talking about mommy ?
positive	it funny and sweet , and all round good movie
positive	i loved this movie ! the action is great , and i like how bruce willis gets his butt kicked throughout the movie ( unlike other i-can-kick-high-so-bullets-can't-hurt-me action movies . ) alan rickman plays a great villain . even though the movie is totally dated now , it's still fun brain candy !
positive	this movie is hallirous ! the little boy is dang cute ! it has something for everyones taste ! if you have not seen it yet i suggest that you go down to blockbuster right now and rent it , you will luv it ! !
positive	a good comedy should be hilarious of course , but it should also tell a story that alters the main character in some way , as well as touches and engages the viewer . big daddy has it all , and adam sandler was flawless and brilliant ! ! ! a must-see ! ! !
positive	i love adam sandler , especially in this movie . he looks like he would be a great daddy , too bad i can't play the mommy . : )
positive	this is one of my favourite movies . it's really funny and it's sweet too . adam sandler does a great job and the little boy in the movie is really cute . this movie is definitely worth seeing .
positive	so u agree . . . u think you're really pretty ?
positive	amazing movie , shame it didnt have a few of the trailer clips in it , which i was suprised at . but really funny and makes you think . not too fussed on lyndsey lohan bt i liked her in this . ace ! !
positive	a genius movie . my favorite of all time with perhaps a few disney classics as exceptions . tina fey is genius as a writer .
positive	a blast ! bought the dvd set . great comic book escapism . alan rickman was terrific .
positive	along with lethal weapon , die hard easily makes my list of the top action films of the lasy 20 years . it's your typical shoot em' up flick with willis playing the macho cop john mcclane , who must face off terrorists in an office building 3 , 000 miles out of his jurisdiction . solid performances by willis and reginald veljohnson are the film's high points , but the biggest props have to go to alan rickman , a relatively unknown actor who played the role of hans gruber very convincingly . overall , die hard is the film to watch if you're looking for some good action mixed with a little bit of comedy .
positive	great film and carey proves he can act when he wants to prove it but i don't think it belongs in the comedy category .
positive	classic action-film . i just saw it for the 4th or 5th time . couldn't change the channel . the bad guy was just as good as , if not better than , bruce willis .
positive	great movie jenna elfman rules
positive	jenna elfman rules
positive	a fantastic movie ; side splittingly funny at times , romantic , poignant . it plays on the rabbi / priest stereotypes with humour but sensitivity . the happy ending is of course not unexpected but the film sets out to end on a happy note , friendship prevails . a strong directing debut from edward norton , one of the most talented actors around today , and he , jenna elfman and ben stiller are all very believable in their roles . a great movie .
positive	this movie was great ! ! i can't think of anything bad to say about this movie . the cast was great , the acting was great . i just love ben stiller and edward norton . jenna elfman is just breath-taking ! ! !
positive	extremely funny . great acting , great script . i work in a video store and everyone loved it .
positive	very funny , especially norton , wallach and forman !
positive	by far the best of the hannibal trilogy of movies . anthony hopkins , jodie foster and the entire cast work so well together . this movie did the book justice . creepy , sadistic , thrilling . a classic !
positive	innocent people were held hostage in a high rise building , and bruce willis saves the day . the storyline was easy to follow . the action was top notch even though the movie was made way back . it has lots of good gun fights similar to john woo films , and bruce willis had the tough guy sort of look throughout the whole movie , he was perfect for the role . i would agree that this original one is the best of the trilogy .
positive	edward norton is so hugable and cute ! ! ! ! i love that guy . what a babe !
positive	wow i would actually want to be friends with these characters , and i very seldom find that to be true with this kind of movie .
positive	great movie ! very funny and a unique topic . not stupid funny the way a lot of movies are trying to be . quality humor .
positive	this movie was hilarious . the actors worked well together and fit their parts .
positive	wonderful . i loved the extension and development of the priest / rabbi jokes . great acting from edward norton , ben stiller , and jenna elfman .
positive	this movie was the best of all the die hards . . an amazin trilogy it has been . . hopefully they make the fourth one . . bruce willis is amazin . . . all the explosions in this movie were truly amazin . . the dialogue was good even tho most of it was only abuses . . this movie proves one thing . . bruce willis is the god of action movies
positive	jenna elfman , ben stiller , and edward norton do justice to one of the oldest jokes around . a priest and a rabbi walk into a . . . this is a movie that all will enjoy , and if you grew up in a jewish or catholic religion you'll have a better appreciation of where you come from , that , and you'll be laughing your butt off !
positive	this movie was great . the movie was about three people who were best friends when they were younger . one became a priest , one a rabbi , and the girl fell in love with one of them at the same time when the other guy fell in love with her . a love triangle formed between the three characters .
positive	i love this movie !
positive	great competitive movie with a sense of humor that was also emotionally tear jerking at the end , but it ended well . i would go see it again .
positive	very much a good movie . shows they way that cheerleaders work . lots of hotties .
positive	packed full of action . being a dancer , it was very exciting to me . i like watching cheerleading competitions .
positive	the movie had an interesting plot about how they were always winning and ended up losing to the rival . the movie has a good ending .
positive	i think this movie was great from its success in combining comedy and a real life case . it had all sorts of high school guys getting together in a challenging teamwork to make a dream come true . from one side , it had many funny situations and from the other , it made you feel what the challenge means and lets you hit with the muzik ! ! !
positive	a genre defining film with a lead character that was tough but vulnerable . i still watch this film on a regular basis as it became the action picture by which most others are compared . willis was perfectly cast for this role and rickman gives a fantastic performance .
positive	luved it yeah baby ! ! to see kirsten d in a yummy cl uniform wow ! ! that my feinds is film making ! ! the only dumb point was to make it a race issue with 'those black chix' who were always in a sour combative mood , who cares who steals dance moves ? ? ? i went to see kirsten d jump around and wow did she deliver ! ! the other girl was a major cupcake also mmmmmmmmm but her dufus brother playing air gee-tar was lame . -----todd michael wiseman ohio univ college of film cinematography
positive	bring it on is a great movie , especially for young people . it's about cheerleaders , teenagers , etc . i think that it's a great movie and is worth the money spent . i'm willing to buy that movie when it comes out .
positive	exellent its one of the best action films of all time dynomite
positive	bring it on starts with no storyline but the story picks up . the dancing is awesome and i enjoyed the drama .
positive	a classic shoot-em-up , kill-the-bad-guys movie that should rank up there with dirty harry . it ranks # 146 out of 250 films of all time on imdb . com -- the comedic one liners are skillfully written into a predominately violent movie . this was also a make-or-break movie for bruce willis to see if he could break out of the moonlighting tv show mold . he did it flawlessly and became an a-list actor .
positive	thosee girls where so hot . the movie was funny also .
positive	i think it is a totally awesome movie ! alicia is great and i hav 2 give snaps 2 stacy an donald they were so funnyyo whats up u jeepin behind my back ? ha
positive	i don't care how lame , or stupid some people think this movie is , it still has a great story line and it is definately a feel good coming of age movie . it wasn't filled with garbage or too much sex . a perfect teen movie that if i had teenagers of my own , i would definately recommend this movie to them . alicia silverstone is a talented actress who will go far if she keeps her talent pointed in the right direction .
positive	if you don't like this movie , you might be a german mercenary . one of the greatest bang for your buck action movies ever made . it's filled with non-stop explosions , gunfire , and an occasional laugh or two . yippie kye yi yeah ! ! ! !
positive	this movie is not just good as a teen comedy , it is a great movie ! it's so funny , and alicia silverstone is perfect as the rich beverly hills girl . a classic movie , i'll always watch it if it's on tv .
positive	i have been obsessed with this movie since it came out when i was in 7th grade . it took me 20 times watching it to figure out the hip lingo and i even counted cher's outfits : 42 !
positive	this was a great flick . it's okay to be ditzy , especially when it's funny
positive	this is my all time favortie movie . it is hilarious and upbeat , and even though she seems ditzy , we can all relate to cher's problems .
positive	good comedy for teenagers . really cute movie about sex and teenagers .
positive	i don't ordinarily think of this as a great movie , but it is one that -- when you click by and see it on tv -- i always want to watch . the script is really memorable , the storyline is oddly sweet , and the characters are pulled off convincingly .
positive	love it ! uh . . . . i can't play tennis , coach , because my plastic surgeon tells me i shouldn't have balls flying at my face . there goes her social life . ha !
positive	this is great ! i was blown away the first time i saw it , it's hilarious , sad , everything . peter sellers is absolutely wonderful as chance , and being there is just a great movie . i loved the atmosphere , and i don't think i can find much wrong with it . you should see it if you're a movie fan . being there is great . summary : hilarious , sad , great . sellers is marvelous .
positive	while i can't enjoy this movie everytime i see it as much as i did the first time i saw it , it still holds a place among the top films of all time . first of all , it has peter sellers in it , who kubrick put into three roles in dr strangelove and who was perhaps the only person capable of outdoing george c scott's work in that film . this is peter sellers from lolita and the pink panther one of the most talented actors comedic or otherwise , ever . he plays a childlike man accidentally raised to the role of brilliant philosopher and presidential economic advisor and public figure through a series of strange , seemingly divinely inspired events that manage to appear funny and charming while simultaneously being insanely unlikely . the movie is full of heart and beauty , while also being bitingly satirical , both of its time and the tv-brainsucker-victims of ours . the film requires complete attention , especially for the delicate sequences at the end , and seller's understated delivery , which at times is so poignant as to be painful . one of the best .
positive	this was a great movie . gene wilders more serious movies , and contains great actimg , and humor . this is one of the better gene wilder movies .
positive	like i said there isnt one movie with johnny depp that i dont like i loved it he was a really funny guy in there and yeah it was great .
positive	john waters is truly one of the best out there in the entertainment industry . this musical of a movie was so cute , i truly enjoyed it . ricki lake also did a great job in this movie . i highly recommend it to john waters fans and musical fans alike .
positive	it's probably one of the only musicals i actually like . it stars johnny depp as a very angry self-confessed juvenile delinquent with his friends milton , wanda , and milton's girlfriend hatchet-face . then they befriend an uptight prudish girl named allison vernon williams ( amy locane ) . their lifestyles collide and lots of hysteria and chaos unravels .
positive	it's been rather difficult of late doing without any bruce willis die hard movies . realizing of course how john mcclain is pretty much worn out . . . ca-poots-kah . . ! but who can blame the dude , after all those disgusting messes those grueber dudes put him through . ya know what i'm sayin ? those guys had john climbin up elevator shafts and shootin at him then blowin things up all around john . . . and terrible stuff like that . oh well , thanks for the memorys john mcclain you were a shining example of courage in the nypd . . . fer sure dude . perhaps now that john's pretty much exhausted his role as super ny cop . . . well , maybe john can get on as a rent a cop with some late night warehouse in the east side of ny . best movies ever ; those die hard series . yep , no doubt about it . . . fer sure . john was the best .
positive	real great movie its about a girl who wants to find her true dreams well then theres some problems its not just easy squezzy she has a boy who likes her and almost get fired
positive	love this movie !
positive	piper perabo hubba hubba
positive	so adrenalizing yet so humorous . it sure is at the top of my list for action films .
positive	ok folks , it's not going to win an oscar and it's not going to be shown at the cannes film festival , but it is a great movie . piper perabo , who played the lead character violet has that aww shucks sexy girl next door look that you would either want for your daughter or girlfriend . the music was great and i personally like leann rimes who plays herself in this movie and does the actual singing . i like movies for their entertainment value . i want to sit down , relax and be entertained and this movie does that for me .
positive	okay , so it's corny and cliche'd but it's also a lot of fun . i really like it 'cause it's got that feel good factor about it . the soundtrack is good too , and it's ending is pure cheese fantastic ! ! !
positive	i loved this movie . i think it was great that she followed her dreams . it tells a great story . it one of the best movies ever .
positive	very entertaining . the sound track carried the movie . the characters were believable and fun to watch . what everyone who has never been to new york hopes it is really like . john goodman as the father was a great addition .
positive	at first , i thought it would be a retarded movie , until my friends showed it to me . i thought coyote ugly wold mainly be about strippers or some thing , but i was wrong . it was an excellent movie that i can even show to my mom .
positive	this was so much fun !
positive	i loved it ! ! ! i want to be a coyoty ugly for life ! ! ! the music was awesome and i used to be a dancer so i couldn't sit still . i love the music and i love how it made women feel like they rule ! ! !
positive	i didnt think coyote ugly was going to be all that great . boy was i wrong ! the plot was definetley more than i thought , the music was great , and i really got into the movie !
positive	coyote ugly was a wonderful movie , i think it really gives you inspiration . no matter how many times you watch it , it always bring a smile to my face .
positive	coyote ugly is my favorite movie . the girls were great especially piper perabo . i love her so much . i would do anything to meet her . she is the most amazing , beautiful woman i have ever seen .
positive	great movie . true , there are implausibilities ; who was where when sgt . al first radioed for help ? but there was great effort to tie different parts of the movie together ; much of the movie is foreshadowed on the airplane ; bruce willis is a soon to be barefoot cop .
positive	coyote ugly was a fantastic movie ! i love the story line and the cast ! it made me want to get up and become a coyote . two thumbs up ! great movie !